{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh13480\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project Proposal \
Jake White\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	For this project I hope to create an interactive program that will simulate a first person Ice Hockey game.\
\
	The program will be experienced through the eyes of a person shooting a puck at a net that has 5 holes in it. Depending on how hard and accurate the user shoots the puck, the program will determine and animate if the puck goes into the net. \
\
	The project, being first person, will be experienced through the eyes of a player preparing to shoot the puck. I will implement an eye visor feature, to emulate what the professionals wear, that the user will always see through. I will create a stick, arms, and hands, as well as a puck that will all move in sync to re-create the visualizations behind shooting an ice hockey puck. The user will look up and aim the puck through using the left and right arrows, which rotate the users body, then, will hold the space bar down, or press a key, to specify how much power is used to shoot this object. The power feature, controlled by the space bar or key press, will specify the y aspect of where the puck will go into the net, and the x feature, controlled, by the left and right arrows will specify horizontally, where the puck will go into the net. I will also have to create a net, with 5 holes, that the puck will be shot at and enter.\
\
	I plan to implement a rotating light from above that demonstrates my knowledge base behind the use of lighting.\
\
	I hope to have the objects required to use this program, such as the arms, stick, hands, and puck created, as well as the implementation of a rotating light that appropriately lights these objects by the first review. After, in the second half of this project, I will get all of the created objects to move uniformly as well as set up how to determine what combinations result in a goal\
\
	If I complete all of these features, as a stretch, I will implement a background box comprised of boards, surrounding glass, roofing, and ice surface, to give the scene a more realistic and 360 degree view of the user\'92s surroundings.\
}